= Code Extension

Extension which provides support for code highlighting to Radiant CMS.

= Usage

Somewhere in head of your pages put tags <tt><r:include_code_stylesheets /></tt> and <tt><r:include_code_javascripts /></tt>. These tags will include code stylesheets for selected theme and required javascripts (if you use client-side library). Also, you may not to use these tags, but include required files manually (for example, if you are using your own customized theme or javascript library).

In your pages put code between <tt><r:code></tt> and <tt></r:code></tt> tags. Supported attributes:
* <tt>lang</tt> - Code language. Set of supported languages depends on used code processor.
* <tt>lines</tt> - Render line numbers: <tt>'table'</tt>,<tt>'inline'</tt> or <tt>nil</tt>

= Configuration

You may specify preferred code processor in <b><tt>code.processor</tt></b> setting. Currently supported processors:
* <tt>ultraviolet</tt> - http://ultraviolet.rubyforge.org - syntax highlighting gem using texmate syntax files and so supporting a huge set of languages.
* <tt>coderay</tt> - http://coderay.rubychan.de - fast syntax highlighting gem with no dependencies, and ability to inline styles (no stylesheets needed).
* <tt>syntax</tt> - http://syntax.rubyforge.org
* <tt>highlight_js</tt> - http://softwaremaniacs.org/soft/highlight - excellent client-side library by softwaremaniacs.org.

You may specify theme in <b><tt>code.theme</tt></b> setting. Supported themes depends on selected processor.

In <b><tt>code.language</tt></b> setting you may specify default language, which is supposed in tags without <tt>lang</tt> attribute. If there are no such setting, ruby language is used.

Copyright (c) 2009 Alexey Noskov

